the Volkswagen USA Cycling professional
rode a national championship volkswagen
once again is the presenting sponsor for
the 2014 USA Cycling professional
championships and the time trial titles
were held around their signature plant
in Chattanooga United Health Care's
Allison Powers came into the event as
the favorite her win in the time trial
at the Amgen Tour of California a couple
weeks ago not only proved to her
competitor she was on Form but more
importantly proved it to herself
the added confidence was clearly evident
as powers added a second national time
trial win to her resume to go along with
the one she earned in 2008 defending
champion
Carmen small ended up being the closest
challenger without putting any pre-race
pressure on herself she and her
specialized Lululemon teammates took the
next three spots small had been on a TT
bike as much as shoot of light so far
this season but she admirably rose to
the occasion to try to defend her jersey
finishing just 29 seconds behind the
winner
Allison Powers plan worked to perfection
as she donned the second
stars-and-stripes jersey of her career
and in the process qualified to
represent the u.s. at the world champs
in September in Spain the women powers
shared the podium with in Chattanooga
will be her teammates in Europe Allison
on this day had earned center stage
awesome I mean I've worked I've wanted
this again I want it in 2008 so it's
been six years that's a long time of
wanting something so it's awesome
awesome presented by Kelly benefits
strategies TT specialist Tom's herbal
the defending men's champion knew he had
his work cut out for him he'd been the
bridesmaid so many times before last
year's win with BMC's Taylor finian
attendants most bets were on Finney to
win his second national TT crown from
the onset any nerves Finney felt were
quickly translated to pedal power he
left little doubt that his time to be
the yardstick at each interval at the
halfway point he led by 13 seconds but
with Finney's characteristic consistent
style he increased that margin the rest
of the way finishing in there
7:48 Cyril knew it would be an uphill
battle but three second-place finishes
at the u.s. pro Nationals had taught him
two things never give up and never go
down without a fight but in the end
Taylor Finney would be just too dominant
being Tom's Irbil the defending champion
by over 50 seconds
the men's podium would be rounded out by
5-hour energy presented by Kenda's David
Williams but that day belonged to the
BMC Boy Wonder who continues to deliver
on the promise he has shown for years
it's always an honor to be able to wear
the to wear the Stars and Stripes you
know I have a whole year now where every
single time trial I do I get to wear a
special skin suit I actually designed a
skin suit already about a month ago just
you know in case I came here and felt
good I always gotta be prepared I was a
little bit worried about drinks in
myself but worked out okay in the end